he galera the beauty that joão fan
All right with you and in today's video is
I want to show two premieres well
Cool, I found it here.
in the game murders or suspect then I
playing this game recently and a
part of it you get here in this
police station and most monitors
here police station will be running the game
god ex human revolution guy is well
Nice of you if you give zooming
here in the monitors you will be able to see
that such menu of the game there in that
remembering that the ex god is yes the game
distributed by the screen enix that the same
distributor of the sound and still
inside the police station we will also
able to contract another streck that is a
poster just cause 2 it 's a
game and also distributed by screen
ex128 streg if it's cool and I'm done
I have already left here to
my program recommendation and sent the
celso asks his story is very good
I ended up exaggerating, but the game is well
short but still worth a lot
worth a beauty and everything I hope you
Did you like the video? Maybe I should.
more videos like this here quickies
showing one end to the other in a game
I 'm currently playing more
relax that series of mysteries easter
eggs with all tags of a certain game
It will continue beauty so if you
liked already know left the favorite team
and said he found the video and not 60
is in the channel it subscribes and beauty
Big hug to all and I'll be back with you.
next video